hi my name is Eric and I am the director
of aundrea the one thing that I really
really really want to get across is that
this film is so important it's important
not just for Andrea it's important for
an entire new generation of youth coming
up into the world and this is where I
introduce you to some amazing people
that have come on board to help us
complete this film and to help us get
the film out to the masses and there's
some great people um so let me introduce
you to them transition and what and now
let me introduce you to Zack our
executive producer
hey I'm Zach Nichols I'm the executive
producer of andreia the documentary I'm
talking to you today because I think
this film speaks a lot to our generation
and it's just a fantastic cause as we
look at just our social spectrum and how
the world is changing and how people
around us are changing
I asked now for your help and support as
we grow our financial goal for this film
and help us make this piece of art thank
you and now we're gonna meet our
director of photography hey thank you
for supporting the project and thanks
for being a part of it's an amazing film
then you get back to our director okay
i'ma shoot you
executive in charge of production and
now the need to see to Gabriel
everybody this is Gabriel just wanted to
say we're gonna introduce some cool new
rewards and thanks for all the support
and continue to watch the page and
finally we have our this is Michael
Hirschorn
he's our executive producer our big guy
and he wants to say a few words Michael
I'm so thrilled that you guys are
supporting this project and I can't wait
for it to become real and andraia is a
really an amazing gal and I'd love to
tell her story so thank you so much and
that was Michael as great guy okay thank
you bye right now you're my bathroom at
home and it's late and I have to go edit
and thank you thank you
you